ECS 1.1 version
===============

INTRODUCTION
------------

Environment for Controllers Simulation (ECS) is set of utilities to simulate data exchange with
any devices through Serial and Ethernet connections.

BUILDING
--------

You need the CMake build system, C++ compiler, libserial and `system`, `asio`, `program_options` components of the Boost library to build this software.
This is link to libserial library:<br/>
https://github.com/ellysh/libserial

There are steps to build serial-utils:

1. Generate makefiles with CMake build system.<br/>
Type one of these commands to build debug or release versions of the ECS:

    $ cmake -D CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Debug CMakeLists.txt

    $ cmake -D CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Release CMakeLists.txt

2. Build binaries with C++ compiler:

    $ make

3. Build debian package if you use Debian-based Linux distribution:

    $ make deb

You can find debian packages in the `bin/deb` directory.

INSTALLING
----------

Debian-based Linux distribution users can install debian packages from
`bin/deb` directory.

Another way is installing with Makefile default mechanism:

    $ make install

USAGE
-----

This is example to simulate data exchange through the serial connection.

1. Create the virtual serial port with `socat` utility:

    $ socat PTY,link=/tmp/ttyS0,raw,echo=0 PTY,link=/tmp/ttyS1,raw,echo=0

2. Run the virtual controller utility:

    $ virt-controller --dev /tmp/ttyS0 --baud 57600 --scenario a20-test.vc --type serial

3. Send data to the `/tmp/ttyS1` port for virtual controller:

    $ write-data -f /tmp/ttyS1 -b 57600 -d 3147

Serial Utils project have been used at the third point of the instruction above:<br/>
https://github.com/ellysh/serial-utils

COPYING
-------

Free use of this software is granted under the terms of the GNU General
Public License (GPL). For details see the file `LICENSE` included with the serial-utils distribution.
